Add Kong Gateway Operator docs (#6144)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/_src/gateway-operator/get-started/kic/create-route.md

---
title: Create a Route
content-type: tutorial
book: kgo-kic-get-started
chapter: 3
alpha: true
---

> Now that you've installed all of the required components and configured a `GatewayClass`, it's time to route some traffic to a service in your Kubernetes cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you've installed all of the required components and configured a `GatewayClass` you can route some traffic to a service in your Kubernetes cluster.
```

## Configure the echo service

In order to route a request using {{ site.base_gateway }} we need a service running in our cluster. Install an `echo` service using the following command:

> ```bash
> kubectl apply -f {{site.links.web}}/assets/kubernetes-ingress-controller/examples/echo-service.yaml
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ```bash
    kubectl apply -f {{site.links.web}}/assets/kubernetes-ingress-controller/examples/echo-service.yaml
    ```
```

## Create a HTTPRoute

> Now that we have a service to proxy requests to, we can create a `HTTPRoute` to send any requests that start with `/echo` to the echo service:

Reviewer: 1.  Create a `HTTPRoute` to send any requests that start with `/echo` to the echo service.
```

```yaml
echo '
kind: HTTPRoute
apiVersion: gateway.networking.k8s.io/v1beta1
metadata:
  name: echo
spec:
  parentRefs:
    - group: gateway.networking.k8s.io
      kind: Gateway
      name: kong
  rules:
    - matches:
        - path:
            type: PathPrefix
            value: /echo
      backendRefs:
        - name: echo
          port: 1027
' | kubectl apply -f -
```

> 

Reviewer: This section needs to be indented.

Also needs the following lines:

The results should look like this:
```text
httproute.gateway.networking.k8s.io/echo created
```

Author: The indentation looks odd when there are only two steps and the rest of the page isn't indented. I've added the results but removed the indentation

Author: Actually I've reconsidered. Here's show it looks without a third item:

![CleanShot 2023-09-25 at 12 24 41](https://github.com/Kong/docs.konghq.com/assets/59130/a954fad6-72c8-45ba-af6c-1a35bdd13c6b)

But it looks ok with 3:

![CleanShot 2023-09-25 at 12 25 08](https://github.com/Kong/docs.konghq.com/assets/59130/5728ff79-29c1-445b-9072-197b692e5c7e)

## Test the configuration

> To test the above configuration, make a call to the `$PROXY_IP` that you configured in the previous page:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To test the configuration, make a call to the `$PROXY_IP` that you configured.
```

```bash
curl $PROXY_IP/echo
```

You should see the following:

```
❯ curl $PROXY_IP/echo
Welcome, you are connected to node king.
Running on Pod echo-965f7cf84-rm7wq.
In namespace default.
With IP address 192.168.194.10.
```

> 

Reviewer: This section needs to be indented
